# packages in environment at /Users/shahdelnaggar/miniconda3/envs/escc_analysis:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
biom-format               2.1.16          py310hf9df320_2    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                h5505292_3    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                h5505292_3    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py310h853098b_3    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h99b78c6_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.5               h5505292_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.4.26            hbd8a1cb_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
certifi                   2025.4.26          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py310h497396d_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.2.1              pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.3.2           py310h7f4e7e6_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
decorator                 5.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.58.2          py310hc74094e_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.13.3               hce30654_1    conda-forge
h2                        4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.13.0          nompi_py310h8ca6390_100    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.3          nompi_ha698983_109    conda-forge
hpack                     4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
iniconfig                 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
joblib                    1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.7           py310h7306fd8_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h237132a_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.17                 h7eeda09_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                hd64df32_1    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.3                hebf3989_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           31_h10e41b3_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                h5505292_3    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                h5505292_3    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                h5505292_3    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           31_hb3479ef_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.14.1               h73640d1_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    20.1.6               ha82da77_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.24                 h5773f1b_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20250104    pl5321hafb1f1b_0    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h93a5062_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.7.0                h286801f_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h1da3d7d_1    conda-forge
libfreetype               2.13.3               hce30654_1    conda-forge
libfreetype6              2.13.3               h1d14073_1    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.2.0             heb5dd2a_105    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.2.0             h2c44a93_105    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.1.0                h5505292_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           31_hc9a63f6_openblas    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.8.1                h39f12f2_2    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.64.0               h6d7220d_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.29          openmp_hf332438_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.47               h3783ad8_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.50.1               h3f77e49_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.1               h1590b86_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                h2f21f7c_5    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.5.0                h2471fea_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               hdb1d25a_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                h8359307_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               20.1.6               hdb05f8b_0    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.44.0          py310hed9eb73_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.10.3          py310hb6292c7_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.10.3          py310hadbac3a_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.0.7                      py_1    bioconda
natsort                   8.4.0              pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h5e97a16_3    conda-forge
numba                     0.61.2          py310h75d646b_0    conda-forge
numpy                     2.2.6           py310h4d83441_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.3                h8a3d83b_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.5.0                h81ee809_1    conda-forge
packaging                 25.0               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pandas                    2.3.0           py310h5936506_0    conda-forge
patsy                     1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pillow                    11.2.1          py310h61efb56_0    conda-forge
pip                       25.1.1             pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hd74edd7_1002    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pygments                  2.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
pytest                    8.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.10.18         h6cefb37_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    7_cp310    conda-forge
pytz                      2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h420ef59_5    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h1d1bf99_2    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
scikit-bio                0.6.3           py310hc12b6d3_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.7.0           py310h48c93d9_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.15.2          py310h32ab4ed_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.2               hd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
setuptools                80.9.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
shap                      0.47.2          cpu_py310h5b520f3_0    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
slicer                    0.0.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.4          py310hae04be4_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.6.0              pyhecae5ae_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13               h892fb3f_2    conda-forge
tomli                     2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.5.1           py310h078409c_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.67.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.14.0             pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025b                h78e105d_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              16.0.0          py310h078409c_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.12               h5505292_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hd74edd7_0    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py310h078409c_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.7                h6491c7d_2    conda-forge
